README.md, before:

# PatientMangement

This is very basic implementation of the CQRS and ES patterns that I used in my talk "Introduction to CQRS and ES". It is anything but feature complete but should hopefully give you an idea on how to get the started

To get it running you first need to install default installations of both

- [EventStore](https://geteventstore.com/)
- [RavenDB](https://ravendb.net/)

Both need to be running. RavenDB can be installed as a windows service. Event Store needs to be manually run from the console application with the command

    .\EventStore.ClusterNode.exe

# Structure
There are 4 projections 

## PatientManagement
This contains the domain and the command side framework

## ProjectionManager
This project contains all the functionality required for writing and producing projections

## SeedGenerator
Small console application that will randomly generate a number of events against the encounter

## TestConsole
Small console application that will attempt to admit, transfer and discharge a patient

Commit message:

Migrated to .NET 6
- Updated Program.cs to follow single-file Main approach
- Moved to file-scoped namespaces
- Used Records
- Shortened usings syntax.
- Removed obsolete packages.config
- Added GitHub Action configuration
- Extended TestConsole to check also projections
- Added Docker Compose configuration to run EventStoreDB and RavenDB from Docker and set up database accordingly.

README.md, after:

# PatientMangement

This is very basic implementation of the CQRS and ES patterns that I used in my talk "Introduction to CQRS and ES". It is anything but feature complete but should hopefully give you an idea on how to get the started

To get it running you first need to install default installations of both

- [EventStore](https://eventstore.com/)
- [RavenDB](https://ravendb.net/)

Both need to be running. You can use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to run databases using prepared Docker Compose configuration:

```shell
docker-compose up
```

# Structure
There are 4 projections 

## PatientManagement
This contains the domain and the command side framework

## ProjectionManager
This project contains all the functionality required for writing and producing projections

## SeedGenerator
Small console application that will randomly generate a number of events against the encounter

## TestConsole
Small console application that will attempt to admit, transfer and discharge a patient
